==MAILDIR==

When you move a file from new to cur, you have to change its name from uniq to uniq:info. Make sure to preserve the uniq string, so that separate messages can't bump into each other.

info is morally equivalent to the Status field used by mbox readers. It'd be useful to have MUAs agree on the meaning of info, so I'm keeping a list of info semantics. Here it is.

info starting with "1,": Experimental semantics.

info starting with "2,": Each character after the comma is an independent flag.

    Flag "P" (passed): the user has resent/forwarded/bounced this message to someone else.
    Flag "R" (replied): the user has replied to this message.
    Flag "S" (seen): the user has viewed this message, though perhaps he didn't read all the way through it.
    Flag "T" (trashed): the user has moved this message to the trash; the trash will be emptied by a later user action.
    Flag "D" (draft): the user considers this message a draft; toggled at user discretion.
    Flag "F" (flagged): user-defined flag; toggled at user discretion. 

New flags may be defined later. Flags must be stored in ASCII order: e.g., "2,FRS". 



---
==STATUS HEADER==
U    message is not Downloaded and not deleted.

R    message is read or downloaded.

O    message is old but not deleted.

D    to be deleted.

N    new (a new message also sometimes is distinguished by not having any "Status:" header field.



---

== IMAP ==

2.3.2.  Flags Message Attribute

   A list of zero or more named tokens associated with the message.  A
   flag is set by its addition to this list, and is cleared by its
   removal.  There are two types of flags in IMAP4rev1.  A flag of
   either type may be permanent or session-only.

   A system flag is a flag name that is pre-defined in this
   specification.  All system flags begin with "\".  Certain system
   flags (\Deleted and \Seen) have special semantics described
   elsewhere.  The currently-defined system flags are:

        \Seen       Message has been read

        \Answered   Message has been answered

        \Flagged    Message is "flagged" for urgent/special attention

        \Deleted    Message is "deleted" for removal by later EXPUNGE

        \Draft      Message has not completed composition (marked as a
                    draft).

        \Recent     Message is "recently" arrived in this mailbox.  This
                    session is the first session to have been notified
                    about this message; subsequent sessions will not see
                    \Recent set for this message.  This flag can not be
                    altered by the client.

                    If it is not possible to determine whether or not
                    this session is the first session to be notified
                    about a message, then that message SHOULD be
                    considered recent.

                    If multiple connections have the same mailbox
                    selected simultaneously, it is undefined which of
                    these connections will see newly-arrives messages
                    with \Recent set and which will see it without
                    \Recent set.

      A keyword is defined by the server implementation.  Keywords do
      not begin with "\".  Servers MAY permit the client to define new
      keywords in the mailbox (see the description of the
      PERMANENTFLAGS response code for more information).

      A flag may be permanent or session-only on a per-flag basis.
      Permanent flags are those which the client can add or remove
      from the message flags permanently; that is, subsequent sessions
      will see any change in permanent flags.  Changes to session
      flags are valid only in that session.

      Note: The \Recent system flag is a special case of a
      session flag.  \Recent can not be used as an argument in a
      STORE command, and thus can not be changed at all.


